# MoneyInIDealInitInput

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ReturnUrl** | **string** | Your sites return URL, called to terminate the operation and on which the callback will be sent, with data in POST parameters.  This URL must contain a unique ID so you know which operation is related to the return. | 
**IssuerId** | **string** | ID of iDEAL Issuer Resource:  1. 21 for Rabobank  2. 31 for ABN Amro  3. 721 for ING  4. 751 for SNS Bank  5. 161 for Van Lanschot Bankiers  6. 511 for Triodos Bank  7. 761 for ASN Bank  8. 771 for RegioBank  9. 801 for Knab Bank  10. BUNQNL2A pour Bunk Bank | 
**Reference** | Pointer to **string** | Unique ID of the call, generated by your server. This ID can be used as a search field when looking for operation details | [optional] 
**AccountId** | **string** | Payment Account ID to Credit | 
**TotalAmount** | Pointer to **int32** | Amount to Debit  Amounts are given as integer numbers in cents | [optional] 
**CommissionAmount** | Pointer to **int32** | Your Fee  Amounts are given as integer numbers in cents | [optional] 
**Comment** | Pointer to **string** | Comment Regarding the Transaction | [optional] 
**AutoCommission** | Pointer to **bool** | If true:  1. [amountCom] will be ignored and will be replaced with Lemonway&#39;s fee  2. You will not receive any fee | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewMoneyInIDealInitInput

`func NewMoneyInIDealInitInput(returnUrl string, issuerId string, accountId string, ) *MoneyInIDealInitInput`

NewMoneyInIDealInitInput instantiates a new MoneyInIDealInitInput object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewMoneyInIDealInitInputWithDefaults

`func NewMoneyInIDealInitInputWithDefaults() *MoneyInIDealInitInput`

NewMoneyInIDealInitInputWithDefaults instantiates a new MoneyInIDealInitInput object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetReturnUrl

`func (o *MoneyInIDealInitInput) GetReturnUrl() string`

GetReturnUrl returns the ReturnUrl field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetReturnUrlOk

`func (o *MoneyInIDealInitInput) GetReturnUrlOk() (*string, bool)`

GetReturnUrlOk returns a tuple with the ReturnUrl field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetReturnUrl

`func (o *MoneyInIDealInitInput) SetReturnUrl(v string)`

SetReturnUrl sets ReturnUrl field to given value.


### GetIssuerId

`func (o *MoneyInIDealInitInput) GetIssuerId() string`

GetIssuerId returns the IssuerId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIssuerIdOk

`func (o *MoneyInIDealInitInput) GetIssuerIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIssuerIdOk returns a tuple with the IssuerId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIssuerId

`func (o *MoneyInIDealInitInput) SetIssuerId(v string)`

SetIssuerId sets IssuerId field to given value.


### GetReference

`func (o *MoneyInIDealInitInput) GetReference() string`

GetReference returns the Reference field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetReferenceOk

`func (o *MoneyInIDealInitInput) GetReferenceOk() (*string, bool)`

GetReferenceOk returns a tuple with the Reference field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetReference

`func (o *MoneyInIDealInitInput) SetReference(v string)`

SetReference sets Reference field to given value.

### HasReference

`func (o *MoneyInIDealInitInput) HasReference() bool`

HasReference returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAccountId

`func (o *MoneyInIDealInitInput) GetAccountId() string`

GetAccountId returns the AccountId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAccountIdOk

`func (o *MoneyInIDealInitInput) GetAccountIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAccountIdOk returns a tuple with the AccountId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAccountId

`func (o *MoneyInIDealInitInput) SetAccountId(v string)`

SetAccountId sets AccountId field to given value.


### GetTotalAmount

`func (o *MoneyInIDealInitInput) GetTotalAmount() int32`

GetTotalAmount returns the TotalAmount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTotalAmountOk

`func (o *MoneyInIDealInitInput) GetTotalAmountOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetTotalAmountOk returns a tuple with the TotalAmount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTotalAmount

`func (o *MoneyInIDealInitInput) SetTotalAmount(v int32)`

SetTotalAmount sets TotalAmount field to given value.

### HasTotalAmount

`func (o *MoneyInIDealInitInput) HasTotalAmount() bool`

HasTotalAmount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCommissionAmount

`func (o *MoneyInIDealInitInput) GetCommissionAmount() int32`

GetCommissionAmount returns the CommissionAmount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCommissionAmountOk

`func (o *MoneyInIDealInitInput) GetCommissionAmountOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetCommissionAmountOk returns a tuple with the CommissionAmount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCommissionAmount

`func (o *MoneyInIDealInitInput) SetCommissionAmount(v int32)`

SetCommissionAmount sets CommissionAmount field to given value.

### HasCommissionAmount

`func (o *MoneyInIDealInitInput) HasCommissionAmount() bool`

HasCommissionAmount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetComment

`func (o *MoneyInIDealInitInput) GetComment() string`

GetComment returns the Comment field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCommentOk

`func (o *MoneyInIDealInitInput) GetCommentOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCommentOk returns a tuple with the Comment field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetComment

`func (o *MoneyInIDealInitInput) SetComment(v string)`

SetComment sets Comment field to given value.

### HasComment

`func (o *MoneyInIDealInitInput) HasComment() bool`

HasComment returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAutoCommission

`func (o *MoneyInIDealInitInput) GetAutoCommission() bool`

GetAutoCommission returns the AutoCommission field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAutoCommissionOk

`func (o *MoneyInIDealInitInput) GetAutoCommissionOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetAutoCommissionOk returns a tuple with the AutoCommission field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAutoCommission

`func (o *MoneyInIDealInitInput) SetAutoCommission(v bool)`

SetAutoCommission sets AutoCommission field to given value.

### HasAutoCommission

`func (o *MoneyInIDealInitInput) HasAutoCommission() bool`

HasAutoCommission returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


