# MoneyInTransferInitInput

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ReturnUrl** | **string** | returnUrl in case of success | 
**CancelUrl** | **string** | cancelUrl in case of cancellation | 
**ErrorUrl** | **string** | errorUrl in case of error | 
**CountryCode** | Pointer to **string** | The country code associated with the payment bank. ISO Alpha-2 codes accepted: (FR) France, (ES) Spain, (IT) Italy, (DE) Germany, and (PT) Portugal | [optional] 
**BankId** | Pointer to **string** | If you use the bankId in the call, the end-user will be redirected to their bank. They will not have to select a bank from a list provided. To get a comprehensive list of &#x60;bankIds&#x60; call the &#x60;GET v2/moneyins/paybybank/transfer/banks&#x60; specifying the ISO Alpha-2 Country Code for example FR for France. | [optional] 
**Reference** | Pointer to **string** | Unique ID of the call, generated by your server. This ID can be used as a search field when looking for operation details | [optional] 
**AccountId** | **string** | Payment Account ID to Credit | 
**TotalAmount** | Pointer to **int32** | Amount to Debit  Amounts are given as integer numbers in cents | [optional] 
**CommissionAmount** | Pointer to **int32** | Your Fee  Amounts are given as integer numbers in cents | [optional] 
**Comment** | Pointer to **string** | Comment Regarding the Transaction | [optional] 
**AutoCommission** | Pointer to **bool** | If true:  1. [amountCom] will be ignored and will be replaced with Lemonway&#39;s fee  2. You will not receive any fee | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewMoneyInTransferInitInput

`func NewMoneyInTransferInitInput(returnUrl string, cancelUrl string, errorUrl string, accountId string, ) *MoneyInTransferInitInput`

NewMoneyInTransferInitInput instantiates a new MoneyInTransferInitInput object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewMoneyInTransferInitInputWithDefaults

`func NewMoneyInTransferInitInputWithDefaults() *MoneyInTransferInitInput`

NewMoneyInTransferInitInputWithDefaults instantiates a new MoneyInTransferInitInput object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetReturnUrl

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) GetReturnUrl() string`

GetReturnUrl returns the ReturnUrl field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetReturnUrlOk

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) GetReturnUrlOk() (*string, bool)`

GetReturnUrlOk returns a tuple with the ReturnUrl field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetReturnUrl

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) SetReturnUrl(v string)`

SetReturnUrl sets ReturnUrl field to given value.


### GetCancelUrl

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) GetCancelUrl() string`

GetCancelUrl returns the CancelUrl field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCancelUrlOk

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) GetCancelUrlOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCancelUrlOk returns a tuple with the CancelUrl field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCancelUrl

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) SetCancelUrl(v string)`

SetCancelUrl sets CancelUrl field to given value.


### GetErrorUrl

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) GetErrorUrl() string`

GetErrorUrl returns the ErrorUrl field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetErrorUrlOk

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) GetErrorUrlOk() (*string, bool)`

GetErrorUrlOk returns a tuple with the ErrorUrl field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetErrorUrl

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) SetErrorUrl(v string)`

SetErrorUrl sets ErrorUrl field to given value.


### GetCountryCode

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) GetCountryCode() string`

GetCountryCode returns the CountryCode field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCountryCodeOk

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) GetCountryCodeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCountryCodeOk returns a tuple with the CountryCode field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCountryCode

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) SetCountryCode(v string)`

SetCountryCode sets CountryCode field to given value.

### HasCountryCode

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) HasCountryCode() bool`

HasCountryCode returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetBankId

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) GetBankId() string`

GetBankId returns the BankId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetBankIdOk

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) GetBankIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetBankIdOk returns a tuple with the BankId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetBankId

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) SetBankId(v string)`

SetBankId sets BankId field to given value.

### HasBankId

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) HasBankId() bool`

HasBankId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetReference

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) GetReference() string`

GetReference returns the Reference field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetReferenceOk

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) GetReferenceOk() (*string, bool)`

GetReferenceOk returns a tuple with the Reference field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetReference

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) SetReference(v string)`

SetReference sets Reference field to given value.

### HasReference

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) HasReference() bool`

HasReference returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAccountId

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) GetAccountId() string`

GetAccountId returns the AccountId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAccountIdOk

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) GetAccountIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAccountIdOk returns a tuple with the AccountId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAccountId

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) SetAccountId(v string)`

SetAccountId sets AccountId field to given value.


### GetTotalAmount

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) GetTotalAmount() int32`

GetTotalAmount returns the TotalAmount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTotalAmountOk

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) GetTotalAmountOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetTotalAmountOk returns a tuple with the TotalAmount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTotalAmount

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) SetTotalAmount(v int32)`

SetTotalAmount sets TotalAmount field to given value.

### HasTotalAmount

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) HasTotalAmount() bool`

HasTotalAmount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCommissionAmount

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) GetCommissionAmount() int32`

GetCommissionAmount returns the CommissionAmount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCommissionAmountOk

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) GetCommissionAmountOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetCommissionAmountOk returns a tuple with the CommissionAmount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCommissionAmount

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) SetCommissionAmount(v int32)`

SetCommissionAmount sets CommissionAmount field to given value.

### HasCommissionAmount

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) HasCommissionAmount() bool`

HasCommissionAmount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetComment

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) GetComment() string`

GetComment returns the Comment field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCommentOk

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) GetCommentOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCommentOk returns a tuple with the Comment field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetComment

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) SetComment(v string)`

SetComment sets Comment field to given value.

### HasComment

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) HasComment() bool`

HasComment returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAutoCommission

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) GetAutoCommission() bool`

GetAutoCommission returns the AutoCommission field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAutoCommissionOk

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) GetAutoCommissionOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetAutoCommissionOk returns a tuple with the AutoCommission field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAutoCommission

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) SetAutoCommission(v bool)`

SetAutoCommission sets AutoCommission field to given value.

### HasAutoCommission

`func (o *MoneyInTransferInitInput) HasAutoCommission() bool`

HasAutoCommission returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


