# MoneyInInput

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Card** | [**CardInfo**](CardInfo.md) |  | 
**IsPreAuth** | Pointer to **bool** | **Mercanet Only**  Indicates if the request is delayed and will require validation.  1. If true, payment will only be pre-authorized, you will have to call &#x60;MoneyInValidate&#x60; within 6 days or [delayedDays] in order to request the card debit.  2. If empty, the default behavior is no delay and no validation necessary (unless stated otherwise in your contract).  3. If false, the card will be debited without delay and without validation necessary. | [optional] 
**DelayedDays** | Pointer to **int32** | **Mercanet Only**  If isPreAuth is not true, this will be ignored.   Please use with caution, if delayedDays &amp;gt; 6, it is possible that the payment will be denied when you try to validate it, because a new authorization will be made. | [optional] 
**SpecialConfig** | Pointer to **string** | Leave Empty | [optional] 
**Reference** | Pointer to **string** | Unique ID of the call, generated by your server. This ID can be used as a search field when looking for operation details | [optional] 
**AccountId** | **string** | Payment Account ID to Credit | 
**TotalAmount** | Pointer to **int32** | Amount to Debit  Amounts are given as integer numbers in cents | [optional] 
**CommissionAmount** | Pointer to **int32** | Your Fee  Amounts are given as integer numbers in cents | [optional] 
**Comment** | Pointer to **string** | Comment Regarding the Transaction | [optional] 
**AutoCommission** | Pointer to **bool** | If true:  1. [amountCom] will be ignored and will be replaced with Lemonway&#39;s fee  2. You will not receive any fee | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewMoneyInInput

`func NewMoneyInInput(card CardInfo, accountId string, ) *MoneyInInput`

NewMoneyInInput instantiates a new MoneyInInput object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewMoneyInInputWithDefaults

`func NewMoneyInInputWithDefaults() *MoneyInInput`

NewMoneyInInputWithDefaults instantiates a new MoneyInInput object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetCard

`func (o *MoneyInInput) GetCard() CardInfo`

GetCard returns the Card field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCardOk

`func (o *MoneyInInput) GetCardOk() (*CardInfo, bool)`

GetCardOk returns a tuple with the Card field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCard

`func (o *MoneyInInput) SetCard(v CardInfo)`

SetCard sets Card field to given value.


### GetIsPreAuth

`func (o *MoneyInInput) GetIsPreAuth() bool`

GetIsPreAuth returns the IsPreAuth field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIsPreAuthOk

`func (o *MoneyInInput) GetIsPreAuthOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIsPreAuthOk returns a tuple with the IsPreAuth field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIsPreAuth

`func (o *MoneyInInput) SetIsPreAuth(v bool)`

SetIsPreAuth sets IsPreAuth field to given value.

### HasIsPreAuth

`func (o *MoneyInInput) HasIsPreAuth() bool`

HasIsPreAuth returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDelayedDays

`func (o *MoneyInInput) GetDelayedDays() int32`

GetDelayedDays returns the DelayedDays field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDelayedDaysOk

`func (o *MoneyInInput) GetDelayedDaysOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetDelayedDaysOk returns a tuple with the DelayedDays field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDelayedDays

`func (o *MoneyInInput) SetDelayedDays(v int32)`

SetDelayedDays sets DelayedDays field to given value.

### HasDelayedDays

`func (o *MoneyInInput) HasDelayedDays() bool`

HasDelayedDays returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSpecialConfig

`func (o *MoneyInInput) GetSpecialConfig() string`

GetSpecialConfig returns the SpecialConfig field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSpecialConfigOk

`func (o *MoneyInInput) GetSpecialConfigOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSpecialConfigOk returns a tuple with the SpecialConfig field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSpecialConfig

`func (o *MoneyInInput) SetSpecialConfig(v string)`

SetSpecialConfig sets SpecialConfig field to given value.

### HasSpecialConfig

`func (o *MoneyInInput) HasSpecialConfig() bool`

HasSpecialConfig returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetReference

`func (o *MoneyInInput) GetReference() string`

GetReference returns the Reference field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetReferenceOk

`func (o *MoneyInInput) GetReferenceOk() (*string, bool)`

GetReferenceOk returns a tuple with the Reference field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetReference

`func (o *MoneyInInput) SetReference(v string)`

SetReference sets Reference field to given value.

### HasReference

`func (o *MoneyInInput) HasReference() bool`

HasReference returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAccountId

`func (o *MoneyInInput) GetAccountId() string`

GetAccountId returns the AccountId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAccountIdOk

`func (o *MoneyInInput) GetAccountIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAccountIdOk returns a tuple with the AccountId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAccountId

`func (o *MoneyInInput) SetAccountId(v string)`

SetAccountId sets AccountId field to given value.


### GetTotalAmount

`func (o *MoneyInInput) GetTotalAmount() int32`

GetTotalAmount returns the TotalAmount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTotalAmountOk

`func (o *MoneyInInput) GetTotalAmountOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetTotalAmountOk returns a tuple with the TotalAmount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTotalAmount

`func (o *MoneyInInput) SetTotalAmount(v int32)`

SetTotalAmount sets TotalAmount field to given value.

### HasTotalAmount

`func (o *MoneyInInput) HasTotalAmount() bool`

HasTotalAmount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCommissionAmount

`func (o *MoneyInInput) GetCommissionAmount() int32`

GetCommissionAmount returns the CommissionAmount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCommissionAmountOk

`func (o *MoneyInInput) GetCommissionAmountOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetCommissionAmountOk returns a tuple with the CommissionAmount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCommissionAmount

`func (o *MoneyInInput) SetCommissionAmount(v int32)`

SetCommissionAmount sets CommissionAmount field to given value.

### HasCommissionAmount

`func (o *MoneyInInput) HasCommissionAmount() bool`

HasCommissionAmount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetComment

`func (o *MoneyInInput) GetComment() string`

GetComment returns the Comment field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCommentOk

`func (o *MoneyInInput) GetCommentOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCommentOk returns a tuple with the Comment field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetComment

`func (o *MoneyInInput) SetComment(v string)`

SetComment sets Comment field to given value.

### HasComment

`func (o *MoneyInInput) HasComment() bool`

HasComment returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAutoCommission

`func (o *MoneyInInput) GetAutoCommission() bool`

GetAutoCommission returns the AutoCommission field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAutoCommissionOk

`func (o *MoneyInInput) GetAutoCommissionOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetAutoCommissionOk returns a tuple with the AutoCommission field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAutoCommission

`func (o *MoneyInInput) SetAutoCommission(v bool)`

SetAutoCommission sets AutoCommission field to given value.

### HasAutoCommission

`func (o *MoneyInInput) HasAutoCommission() bool`

HasAutoCommission returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


