# MoneyInWebInitInput

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ReturnUrl** | **string** | Your site URL called by WebKit to terminate the operation. | 
**ErrorUrl** | **string** | Your site return URL, called by WebKit in case of an error. | 
**CancelUrl** | **string** | Your site return URL, called by WebKit in case of a cancellation. | 
**RegisterCard** | Pointer to **bool** | Save the card and returns an ID for future payments. | [optional] 
**CaptureDelayedDays** | Pointer to **int32** | Indicate the number of days of the deferred payment. Between 0 and 6 days to have a guaranteed payment.   Only usable with isPreAuth &#x3D; 0-6 | [optional] 
**Label** | Pointer to **string** | Indicates the name of the shop on the payment page. | [optional] 
**CardId** | Pointer to **string** | Indicates the CardId | [optional] 
**MoneyInNature** | Pointer to **int32** | Indicates the nature of activity for this Money-In:&lt;br/&gt;0 &#x3D; Activite 1.&lt;br/&gt;1 &#x3D; Activite 2.&lt;br/&gt; | [optional] 
**ThreeDs** | Pointer to [**ThreeDs**](ThreeDs.md) |  | [optional] 
**RiskAnalysis** | Pointer to [**RiskAnalysis**](RiskAnalysis.md) |  | [optional] 
**RecurringAvgAmount** | Pointer to **int32** | Average amount of future recurring payments to cover recurring payments with variable amounts.    **Note:** Only if the amount is higher than the amount of the first transaction. | [optional] 
**PaymentPattern** | Pointer to **string** | **Recurring**: If a payment follows a recurring amount or **One_shot**: when there is no future recurring payments. | [optional] 
**Reference** | Pointer to **string** | Unique ID of the call, generated by your server. This ID can be used as a search field when looking for operation details | [optional] 
**AccountId** | **string** | Payment Account ID to Credit | 
**TotalAmount** | Pointer to **int32** | Amount to Debit  Amounts are given as integer numbers in cents | [optional] 
**CommissionAmount** | Pointer to **int32** | Your Fee  Amounts are given as integer numbers in cents | [optional] 
**Comment** | Pointer to **string** | Comment Regarding the Transaction | [optional] 
**AutoCommission** | Pointer to **bool** | If true:  1. [amountCom] will be ignored and will be replaced with Lemonway&#39;s fee  2. You will not receive any fee | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewMoneyInWebInitInput

`func NewMoneyInWebInitInput(returnUrl string, errorUrl string, cancelUrl string, accountId string, ) *MoneyInWebInitInput`

NewMoneyInWebInitInput instantiates a new MoneyInWebInitInput object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewMoneyInWebInitInputWithDefaults

`func NewMoneyInWebInitInputWithDefaults() *MoneyInWebInitInput`

NewMoneyInWebInitInputWithDefaults instantiates a new MoneyInWebInitInput object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetReturnUrl

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) GetReturnUrl() string`

GetReturnUrl returns the ReturnUrl field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetReturnUrlOk

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) GetReturnUrlOk() (*string, bool)`

GetReturnUrlOk returns a tuple with the ReturnUrl field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetReturnUrl

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) SetReturnUrl(v string)`

SetReturnUrl sets ReturnUrl field to given value.


### GetErrorUrl

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) GetErrorUrl() string`

GetErrorUrl returns the ErrorUrl field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetErrorUrlOk

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) GetErrorUrlOk() (*string, bool)`

GetErrorUrlOk returns a tuple with the ErrorUrl field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetErrorUrl

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) SetErrorUrl(v string)`

SetErrorUrl sets ErrorUrl field to given value.


### GetCancelUrl

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) GetCancelUrl() string`

GetCancelUrl returns the CancelUrl field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCancelUrlOk

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) GetCancelUrlOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCancelUrlOk returns a tuple with the CancelUrl field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCancelUrl

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) SetCancelUrl(v string)`

SetCancelUrl sets CancelUrl field to given value.


### GetRegisterCard

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) GetRegisterCard() bool`

GetRegisterCard returns the RegisterCard field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRegisterCardOk

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) GetRegisterCardOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetRegisterCardOk returns a tuple with the RegisterCard field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRegisterCard

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) SetRegisterCard(v bool)`

SetRegisterCard sets RegisterCard field to given value.

### HasRegisterCard

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) HasRegisterCard() bool`

HasRegisterCard returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCaptureDelayedDays

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) GetCaptureDelayedDays() int32`

GetCaptureDelayedDays returns the CaptureDelayedDays field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCaptureDelayedDaysOk

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) GetCaptureDelayedDaysOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetCaptureDelayedDaysOk returns a tuple with the CaptureDelayedDays field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCaptureDelayedDays

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) SetCaptureDelayedDays(v int32)`

SetCaptureDelayedDays sets CaptureDelayedDays field to given value.

### HasCaptureDelayedDays

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) HasCaptureDelayedDays() bool`

HasCaptureDelayedDays returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLabel

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) GetLabel() string`

GetLabel returns the Label field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLabelOk

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) GetLabelOk() (*string, bool)`

GetLabelOk returns a tuple with the Label field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLabel

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) SetLabel(v string)`

SetLabel sets Label field to given value.

### HasLabel

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) HasLabel() bool`

HasLabel returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCardId

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) GetCardId() string`

GetCardId returns the CardId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCardIdOk

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) GetCardIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCardIdOk returns a tuple with the CardId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCardId

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) SetCardId(v string)`

SetCardId sets CardId field to given value.

### HasCardId

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) HasCardId() bool`

HasCardId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMoneyInNature

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) GetMoneyInNature() int32`

GetMoneyInNature returns the MoneyInNature field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMoneyInNatureOk

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) GetMoneyInNatureOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetMoneyInNatureOk returns a tuple with the MoneyInNature field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMoneyInNature

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) SetMoneyInNature(v int32)`

SetMoneyInNature sets MoneyInNature field to given value.

### HasMoneyInNature

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) HasMoneyInNature() bool`

HasMoneyInNature returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetThreeDS

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) GetThreeDS() ThreeDs`

GetThreeDS returns the ThreeDs field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetThreeDSOk

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) GetThreeDSOk() (*ThreeDs, bool)`

GetThreeDSOk returns a tuple with the ThreeDs field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetThreeDS

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) SetThreeDS(v ThreeDs)`

SetThreeDS sets ThreeDs field to given value.

### HasThreeDS

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) HasThreeDS() bool`

HasThreeDS returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRiskAnalysis

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) GetRiskAnalysis() RiskAnalysis`

GetRiskAnalysis returns the RiskAnalysis field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRiskAnalysisOk

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) GetRiskAnalysisOk() (*RiskAnalysis, bool)`

GetRiskAnalysisOk returns a tuple with the RiskAnalysis field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRiskAnalysis

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) SetRiskAnalysis(v RiskAnalysis)`

SetRiskAnalysis sets RiskAnalysis field to given value.

### HasRiskAnalysis

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) HasRiskAnalysis() bool`

HasRiskAnalysis returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRecurringAvgAmount

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) GetRecurringAvgAmount() int32`

GetRecurringAvgAmount returns the RecurringAvgAmount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRecurringAvgAmountOk

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) GetRecurringAvgAmountOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetRecurringAvgAmountOk returns a tuple with the RecurringAvgAmount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRecurringAvgAmount

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) SetRecurringAvgAmount(v int32)`

SetRecurringAvgAmount sets RecurringAvgAmount field to given value.

### HasRecurringAvgAmount

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) HasRecurringAvgAmount() bool`

HasRecurringAvgAmount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPaymentPattern

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) GetPaymentPattern() string`

GetPaymentPattern returns the PaymentPattern field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPaymentPatternOk

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) GetPaymentPatternOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPaymentPatternOk returns a tuple with the PaymentPattern field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPaymentPattern

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) SetPaymentPattern(v string)`

SetPaymentPattern sets PaymentPattern field to given value.

### HasPaymentPattern

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) HasPaymentPattern() bool`

HasPaymentPattern returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetReference

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) GetReference() string`

GetReference returns the Reference field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetReferenceOk

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) GetReferenceOk() (*string, bool)`

GetReferenceOk returns a tuple with the Reference field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetReference

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) SetReference(v string)`

SetReference sets Reference field to given value.

### HasReference

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) HasReference() bool`

HasReference returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAccountId

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) GetAccountId() string`

GetAccountId returns the AccountId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAccountIdOk

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) GetAccountIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAccountIdOk returns a tuple with the AccountId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAccountId

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) SetAccountId(v string)`

SetAccountId sets AccountId field to given value.


### GetTotalAmount

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) GetTotalAmount() int32`

GetTotalAmount returns the TotalAmount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTotalAmountOk

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) GetTotalAmountOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetTotalAmountOk returns a tuple with the TotalAmount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTotalAmount

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) SetTotalAmount(v int32)`

SetTotalAmount sets TotalAmount field to given value.

### HasTotalAmount

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) HasTotalAmount() bool`

HasTotalAmount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCommissionAmount

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) GetCommissionAmount() int32`

GetCommissionAmount returns the CommissionAmount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCommissionAmountOk

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) GetCommissionAmountOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetCommissionAmountOk returns a tuple with the CommissionAmount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCommissionAmount

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) SetCommissionAmount(v int32)`

SetCommissionAmount sets CommissionAmount field to given value.

### HasCommissionAmount

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) HasCommissionAmount() bool`

HasCommissionAmount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetComment

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) GetComment() string`

GetComment returns the Comment field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCommentOk

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) GetCommentOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCommentOk returns a tuple with the Comment field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetComment

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) SetComment(v string)`

SetComment sets Comment field to given value.

### HasComment

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) HasComment() bool`

HasComment returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAutoCommission

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) GetAutoCommission() bool`

GetAutoCommission returns the AutoCommission field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAutoCommissionOk

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) GetAutoCommissionOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetAutoCommissionOk returns a tuple with the AutoCommission field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAutoCommission

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) SetAutoCommission(v bool)`

SetAutoCommission sets AutoCommission field to given value.

### HasAutoCommission

`func (o *MoneyInWebInitInput) HasAutoCommission() bool`

HasAutoCommission returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


